Add docs for the new untyped metrics (#7403)
sorbet/sorbet: docs/untyped-blame.md

# Blaming usages of untyped to definitions

It's possible to build Sorbet in a way that it can "blame" usages of untyped
back to a definition (like a method or instance variable) which introduced the
usage of untyped in the first place. With this information, it becomes easier to
evaluate the cost vs benefit of improving the type annotations on any given
method.

> It requires building Sorbet with a special build configuration, because simply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It requires building Sorbet with a special build configuration, because
```

adding the capability to blame untyped usages to definitions (regardless of
whether the user actually cares to use that capability) causes Sorbet to use
substantially more memory for certain internal data structures.

Once built, it works something like this. Given an input file like this:

```ruby
# typed: true

def method_without_a_sig_1 = 0

> def method_without_a_sig_2 = 0

Reviewer 2: [non blocking nit] You could put this method inside some class, to show how the `owner` field will change based on that.

x = method_without_a_sig_1
x.even?
x.even?

y = method_without_a_sig_2
y.even?
```

Sorbet can produce untyped blame output like this:

```
❯ sorbet --track-untyped --print=untyped-blame foo.rb
No errors! Great job.
[
  {
    "path": "foo.rb",
    "package": "<none>",
    "owner": "Object",
    "name": "method_without_a_sig_2",
    "count": 1
  },
  {
    "path": "foo.rb",
    "package": "<none>",
    "owner": "Object",
    "name": "method_without_a_sig_1",
    "count": 2
  }
]
```

## Building Sorbet with untyped blame support

1.  Follow the [Quickstart] instructions in Sorbet's README.

    These instructions will ensure that have a working build environment. If you
    encounter problems attempting to build Sorbet, feel free to ask for help in

>     the #internals channel on the [Sorbet Slack](https://sorbet.org/slack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the [#internals](https://sorbet-ruby.slack.com/archives/CFT8Y4909) channel on the [Sorbet Slack](https://sorbet.org/slack).
```

Each entry has these keys:

- `owner`

  The fully qualified name of the owner of the definition. For a method like
  `A::B#foo`, the owner will be `A::B`. For a method like `A::B.foo`, the owner
  will be `T.class_of(A::B)`.

- `name`

  The name of the definition. For a method like `A::B#foo`, the name will be
  `foo`. The name will also be `foo` for a method like `A::B.foo` (though the
  `owner` will be different, see above).

- `path`

  The path to the primary location of the definition. The primary location of
  the definition is a Sorbet-internal heuristic that takes into account whether
  the location is in an RBI file or not as well as the strictness level of that
  file.

- `count`

  The number of usages of untyped that blame to this definition.

- `package`

  Will always be `<none>`, unless using Stripe's internal Ruby packaging
  system. In that case, `package` will be the name of the package that owns this
  definition.

### Some special definitions

There are some special definitions in the output that don't map to definitions
defined anywhere in code.

- `owner = <Magic>::<UntypedSource>`

>   Some usages of untyped arise because of `T.untyped` that arises internal to
>   Sorbet. For example, most existing limitation with [shape
>   types](https://sorbet.org/docs/shapes) arise because Sorbet will silently
>   introduce a usage of untyped.

Reviewer: Not 100% sure about my suggestion, but there are too many `arise` in here :P

```suggestion
  Some usages of untyped arise because of `T.untyped`s that come from
  Sorbet internals. For example, most existing limitations with [shape
  types](https://sorbet.org/docs/shapes) exist because Sorbet silently
  introduces a usage of untyped.
```
